[IMP] helpdesk: update helpcenter doc (#7710)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/overview/help_center.rst

===========
Help Center
===========

Odoo *Helpdesk* integrates with the *Forum*, *eLearning*, and *Knowledge* apps to create the *Help
Center*. The *Help Center* is a centralized location where teams and customers can search for and
share detailed information about products and services.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-enable-features.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Overview of the settings page of a team emphasizing the Help Center features.

Configuration
=============

To activate any *Help Center* features on a *Helpdesk* team (*Forums*, *eLearning*, or *Knowledge*)
the :guilabel:`Visibility` of the team has to be set to :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all

> internal users`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
internal users (public)`.
```

share detailed information about products and services.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-enable-features.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Overview of the settings page of a team emphasizing the Help Center features.

Configuration
=============

To activate any *Help Center* features (*Forums*, *eLearning*, or *Knowledge*) on a *Helpdesk* team,
the :guilabel:`Visibility` of the team has to be set to :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all
internal users (public)`.

Additionally, the :guilabel:`Website Form` option on the *Helpdesk* team page **must** be enabled to
activate any of the *Help Center* features. When one or more of the *Help Center* features is
enabled, the :guilabel:`Website Form` is automatically enabled, as well.

.. danger::
   Since all of the *Help Center* features require integration with other applications, enabling any
   of them may result in the installation of additional modules or applications.

   Installing a new application on a *One-App-Free* database will trigger a 15-day trial. At the end
   of the trial, if a paid subscription has **not** been added to the database, it will no longer be
   active or accessible.

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`Getting Started </applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started>`

Reviewer 2: Update to be a relative doc path please :)
```suggestion
   :doc:`Getting Started <getting_started>`
```

Knowledge
=========

Odoo's *Knowledge* application is a collaborative library, where users can store, edit, and share
information. The *Knowledge* app is accessible throughout the database by clicking on the

> :guilabel:`Knowledge (bookmark)`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Knowledge (bookmark)` icon.
```

.. image:: help_center/help-center-knowledge-bookmark-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a message in Helpdesk focusing on the Knowledge book mark icon.

Enable Knowledge on a Helpdesk team
-----------------------------------

To enable the *Knowledge* feature on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app -->
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one

> </applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one <getting_started>`.
```

> When a team has been selected or created, Odoo displays that team's detail form.

Reviewer: in line 49, it's called 'Helpdesk Teams' instead of just 'Teams' in the menu.

   the :guilabel:`Workspace` section heading, located in the left sidebar. Moving the cursor there
   reveals a hidden :guilabel:`➕ (plus sign)` icon.

   Click the :guilabel:`➕ (plus sign)` icon to create a new article in the :guilabel:`Workspace`.
   In the upper-right corner of the page, click the :guilabel:`Share` button, and slide the
   :guilabel:`Share to Web` toggle switch until it reads :guilabel:`Article Published`. It can then
   be added to a *Helpdesk* team.

> 

Reviewer 2: Update to be a relative doc path please :)
```suggestion
   :doc:`Editing Knowledge articles <../../../productivity/knowledge/articles_editing>`
```

   be viewable on the website.

To publish an article, navigate to the desired article, by following the above steps, and click the
:guilabel:`Share` icon in the upper-right corner. This reveals a menu. Slide the toggle button
labeled :guilabel:`Share to Web` to read :guilabel:`Article Published`.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-knowledge-sharing.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a knowledge article focused on sharing and publishing options.

Solve tickets with a clipboard box
----------------------------------

*Clipboard* boxes can be added to *Knowledge* articles to allow content to be reused, copied, sent
as messages, or added to the description on a ticket. This allows teams to maintain consistency when
answering customer tickets, and minimize the amount of time spent on responding to repeat questions.

Add clipboard boxes to articles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create a clipboard box, go to :menuselection:`Knowledge app --> Help`. Click on an existing
nested article or create a new one by clicking the :guilabel:`➕ (plus sign)` icon next to *Help*.

Type `/` to open the *powerbox*, and view a drop-down list of :doc:`commands

> </applications/productivity/knowledge/articles_editing>`. Select or type `clipboard`. A gray block
> is then added to the page. Add any necessary content to this block.

Reviewer 2: Update to relative path please :)
```suggestion
<../../../productivity/knowledge/articles_editing>`. Select or type `clipboard`. A gray block is
then added to the page. Add any necessary content to this block.
```

--------------------------------

To enable :guilabel:`Community Forums` on a *Helpdesk* team, start by navigating to
:menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a

> :doc:`new one </applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:doc:`new one <getting_started>`.
```

> :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration --> Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Overview of the Forums page of a website to show the available ones in Odoo Helpdesk.

> When clicked, a pop-up window appears. Here, the post and title can be edited to correct any typos,
> or modified to remove any proprietary or client information. :guilabel:`Tags` can also be added to
> help organize the post in the forum, making it easier for users to locate during a search. When all
> adjustments have been made, click :guilabel:`Create and View Post`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When clicked, a pop-up window appears. Here, the :guilabel:`Forum` post and :guilabel:`Title` can be
edited to correct any typos, or modified to remove any proprietary or client information.

:guilabel:`Tags` can also be added to help organize the post in the forum, making it easier for
users to locate during a search. When all adjustments have been made, click :guilabel:`Create and
View Post`.
```

-------------------------------------------

> To enable *eLearning* courses on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable *eLearning* courses on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration
```

--> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one
</applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started>`.

On the team's settings page, scroll to the :guilabel:`Help Center` section, and check the box next

> to :guilabel:`eLearning`. A new field will appear below, labeled :guilabel:`Courses`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to :guilabel:`eLearning`. A new field will appear below, labeled, :guilabel:`Courses`.
```

Enable eLearning courses on a Helpdesk team
-------------------------------------------

To enable *eLearning* courses on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app -->
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one
</applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started>`.

On the team's settings page, scroll to the :guilabel:`Help Center` section, and check the box next

> to :guilabel:`eLearning`. A new field will appear below, labeled :guilabel:`Courses`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to :guilabel:`eLearning`. A new field appears below, labeled :guilabel:`Courses`.
```

Enable eLearning courses on a Helpdesk team
-------------------------------------------

To enable *eLearning* courses on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app -->

> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one
> </applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one <getting_started>`.
```

> --> Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one
```

I'd just search to make sure al instances of the config menu has "Helpdesk Teams"

On the course template page, add a :guilabel:`Course Title`, and below that, :guilabel:`Tags`.

Click on the :guilabel:`Options` tab.

> Under :guilabel:`Access Rights`, select what users will be able to view and enroll in the course.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Under :guilabel:`Access Rights`, select which users are able to view and enroll in the course.
```

The :guilabel:`Show Course To` field defines who can access the courses. The :guilabel:`Enroll
Policy` field specifies how they can register for the course.

> Under :guilabel:`Display`, choose the course :guilabel:`Type`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Under :guilabel:`Display`, choose the preferred course :guilabel:`Type`.
```

To allow customers to enroll in a course, both the course and the contents need to be published.

If the course is published, but the contents of the course are **not** published, customers can
enroll in the course on the website, but they are **not** able to view any of the course content.

> Knowing this, it may be beneficial to publish the course first if the course contents are intended

Reviewer: This could be in an example block?

> To allow customers to enroll in a course, both the course and the contents need to be published.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To allow customers to enroll in a course, both the course and the contents **must** be published.
```

.. tip::
   If the course is published, but the contents of the course are **not** published, customers can
   enroll in the course on the website, but they are **not** able to view any of the course content.

>    Knowing this, it may be beneficial to publish the course first if the course contents are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Knowing this, it may be beneficial to publish the course first, if the course contents are
```

the default :guilabel:`Published` filter from the search bar in the upper-right corner, to reveal
all the content related to the course - even the non-published content.

> Click the :guilabel:`≣ (bars)` icon in the upper-right corner, directly beneath the search bar to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`≣ (horizontal bars)` icon in the upper-right corner, directly beneath the search bar to
```

switch to list view.

While in list view, there is a checkbox on the far left of the screen, above the listed courses, to
the left of the :guilabel:`Title` column. When that checkbox is clicked, all the course contents are
selected at once.

> With all the course content selected, double click any of the boxes in the :guilabel:`Is Published`

Reviewer: I just had to click, not double click. Maybe that's because when testing, all my items were published already? Might want to check this.

> column. This reveals a pop-up window, asking for confirmation that all selected records are intended

Reviewer: Line 326 - I see a "confirm'" button not an "OK" button here.

the default :guilabel:`Published` filter from the search bar in the upper-right corner, to reveal
all the content related to the course - even the non-published content.

Click the :guilabel:`≣ (bars)` icon in the upper-right corner, directly beneath the search bar to
switch to list view.

> While in list view, there is a checkbox on the far left of the screen, above the listed courses, to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While in list view, there is a checkbox on the far-left of the screen, above the listed courses, to
```

> the left of the :guilabel:`Title` column. When that checkbox is clicked, all the course contents are
> selected at once.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the left of the :guilabel:`Title` column title. When that checkbox is clicked, all the course
contents are selected at once.
```
